------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                               2 - Entering Brynn
------------------------------------------------------------------------------

As you climb the small hill to loot the last hobgoblin corpse, you recognize a
demoralizing sight in the distance: smoke, rising from the hamlet of Brynn.
Something clearly isn't right. You make your way back to the wagon and see Ardin
carefully making his way down to the ground. What do you say to him? 

{Ardin will request that the party investigate the town for him, and attempt to
rescue his wife and child}

You make your way across the waterlogged lowlands. The opaque flood rises up
only to your ankles, but the few crooked trees scattered throughout the
landscape seem to have been almost swallowed by the mire, their trunks
somewhere beneath the surface, leaving only the tops of their sickly branches
reaching up to the skys like gnarled, broken fingers. 

Though the fires in the village seem to have been extinguished, the smell of
charred wood and flesh becomes damply apparent as you near the perimeter. From
the dilapidated view of the buildings as you come close, it is suspect whether
Brynn has ever seen better days. 

Building 1:
    Though at one point a simple farmhouse, the two story building you now walk
    into can only be referred to as a shamble. The furniture lies broken to
    pieces, strewn about this single ground floor room, which initially served
    as both kitchen and den. 
    {Listen, DC 13} You hear steps on the floor above, short sentences in
    goblinoid.
    The simple straw stuffed mattress in the southeast corner of the room is
    caked from end to end with the blood of its occupant, which has apparently
    flowed to such degree that it even dripped from the sideboards onto the
    floor. The corpse lies mutilated, the bed's now crimson stained sheet sticks
    in tatters to the woman's skin, with an enormous gash in the middle,
    revealing a completely disemboweled chest. The right arm hangs loosely at
    the side of the bed, connected only by a tendon, the organs of the woman are
    splattered on the window behind the headboard, and the wall to the right of
    the bed. Beneath the layer of visceral on the face, you see an expression of
    shear terror.

Building 2:
    This building must have been the home and workshop of the village's smith.
    Boxes of tools have been dumped across the floor, the blades of various
    farming implements jut out from the walls, embedded deep in the wood.
    As you cross the threashold into the bedroom, you notice immediately motley
    collection of metal objects stabbed into the body of the smith. Some without
    their hafts or handles, scissor blades, spades, sickles, and nails pin the
    body to its bed. 
    {Listen, DC 13} Through the door to the back of the house, you hear the
    clanging of metal and arguments in goblinoid.
