------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                3 - The Village
------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Building 3:
    Another simple farmhouse, this one with only one room. Its similar state of
    disarray leaves it otherwise unremarkable save the trail of blood leading up
    to the back door. 
    {Spot, DC 15} Rising lifelessly from the floodwaters, is a single whitened,
    clammy arm, fingertips extended, slightly curled inwards, flecks of mud on
    the skin and fingernails. Presumably, the body is still attached, immersed
    in the marsh of a this sunken vegetable garden. 
    {Spot, DC 13} A pair of hobgoblins can be seen, having exited through the
    gardens back gate, walking towards a lonely house at the the south end of
    the village. 

Building 4:
    You notice that the skies have grown darker since you entered the village,
    to a bleak brownlish grey. The rain continues to fall as a drizzle, a cold,
    ebbing mist that still manages crawl underneath your clothes.
    This house sits at the edge of the village, tilted slightly backwards, as
    though the south foundation was sinking into the clay. 
    The single room of this house is a bizaare and unsettling sight. Not only is
    the whole floor tilted at a vaguely dizzying downward angle, but the
    interior seems as though a whirlwind of blunted shears had hurled itself
    against the walls and furniture. Most noticable however is the enormous
    square hold in the center of the room. One may suspect that the sundered
    boards and splinters littered by its edges are what remains of the trapdoor
    to a simple root cellar. As you peer down the roughly 6 foot deep hole, you
    see its walls lined with bottled and pickled foodstuffs, though many now lay
    shattered on its hardened dirt floor.
    {Spot, DC 14} You notice blood in the mix of broken glass, viscous liquids,
    and splinters, but slightly sunken somewhere in the mess is a small golden
    object. 
    You climb down to collect the trinket. Dangling from a golden chain is
    something that appears to be a locket.
    Inside the locket is a daguerreotype photo of a family of three.
    As you begin to climb back out of the hole, you look up and notice something
    peculiar. All along the under-edge of the boards making the ceiling of the
    root cellar are viscious, deep, bloodied scratches.
    {Spot, DC 20} Briefly, you turn to look out the house's east facing window.
    You notice that it appears to be nearly evening, although it seems to you as
    if it was only late morning but a few hours ago. Finding it strange, but
    certainly not warranting serious alarm, you turn your head back to the room,
    when just out the corner of your eye from the other side of the window
    sprints a shadowy figure with unnatural speed. You hear the wind outside
    briefly pick up with a menacing {sigh}.

    The barley of this back field has whithered and sunken into the floodwater.
    In the center stands a lone scarecrow, its face made from a stuffed burlap
    sack. While the fence posts at the perimeter seem to have loosened and
    settled deeper into the dirt, the scarecrow stands looming with a
    conspicuous defiance, appearing all the more tall in comparison to its
    stunted surroundings. Regardless of the manner you make your way through the
    field, you feel somehow always directly in its line of sight. 
    {Spot, DC 14} The open barn smells of guts and squalor. Two oxen appear to have
    been fully gutted, their flesh and organs lay in putrifying piles in the mud,
    but perhaps most nauseating is the pack of enormous rats gnawing their way
    through the bodies of the livestock. 

Building 5:
    This single room farmhouse continues the running motif of desctruction. 
    {Listen, DC 15} From the doorway on the east wall of the house you hear
    indistinct voices. 
    A wooden stairwell opens to a basement.
    {Search, DC 12} One plank of the stairwell gives way, {Reflex save, DC 15,
    fail 1d6 points of damage}.
    {Search, DC 19} The shelves in this small room conceal the truth that the
    back wall is in fact a door that can swing outwardly. Inside is a dirty and
    pungent assemblage of strange ingredients, powders, herbs, and liquids. The
    emaceated corpse of a black cat hangs upside down, suspended by its feet
    from a nail in the wall. Its stomach has been sliced open, dried blood coats
    its fur.
        3 potions: 
            A small bulb-bottomed flask with a greyish, cloudy liquid (Mage Armour)
            A thin vial, with bluish-violet liquid (Cat's Grace)
            A thin vial, with a greenish liquid with dark strands (Liquid Id
                Moss, DC 14, Initial 1d4 Int, Secondary 2d6 Int)
            A circle bottomed flask with a curving top filled with a purple
                liquid (Lesser Restoration)

Building 6: 
    You approach now the largest building in the village. Where all the other
    roofs are made of thatch, this one has a fine timber roof. 
    Its interior is quite dark. Heavy, dark felt curtains are pulled over the
    windows. The living room has several shelves, but the interior seems largely
    looted. 
    {Search, DC 12} A feather stuffed armchair is is set in front of the fire
    place, its purple fabric is gashed and torn. Tucked between the armrest and
    cushion however, is a newspaper. The headline reads:
    ``DECIMATION AT ISHIM - The Brost 5th and 6th Infantries were sent to ward
    off Dar'kvaki troops north of the Ishim-Skevo following reports of amassing
    troops near the border. Brost battalions encountered three Dar'kvaki
    battalions and one Norishtrelko Svorsevaar Augmentary. Without comparable
    firepower and against overwhelming numbers, the Brost 5th Infantry was
    entirely destroyed, and the 6th Infantry suffered heavy losses.``
    {Listen, DC 13} You can hear indistinct voices coming from the direction of
    the kitchen.
    The staircase leads up to a landing with two doors.
    [Straight] Watercloset
    [Right] This room is similarly dark. A large bed against the east wall with
    large dark purple shades dominates the room.
    {Spot, DC 13} Someone appears to be in the bed.
    The body lies on its side away from you. As you roll it onto its back to
    inspect the corpse, the other side of its face is revealed to you. The left
    side of his neck has an enormous hole bitten into it, and his lips have been
    removed. His once fine night gown is completely bloodied.
    The door to the study hangs by a single hinge. Papers are scattered all
    across the floor, and the drawers have been pulled out and emptied. Pages
    tracking finances, and harvests, as well as deeds that seem to be written
    for several houses in the village. 
    {Search, DC 12} You find packed towards the back of one desk drawer a
    leather bound journal. Its first page has written, Louis Montque, in
    swooping, cursive script. The last few entries are particularly notable:
    ``September 12 - That bitch Ellaina grows increasingly recalcitrant. Now
    that the `village's hero` Ardin is rotting in some frozen Ishim waste, she
    spends most of her time with her bastard boy Peter crying on her knees in
    front of the temple altar. I'd give the slut something to cry about were she
    on her knees in front of me.``
    ``September 20 - I told her she'd regret the day she refused me, and now she
    certainly is. Five stiches in my face are a small price to pay for her house
    arrest. My neighbors weren't so difficult to convince, especially
    following the threat of losing their homes. And that cowardly vegetable
    farmer, Ido, is especially suggestable. How she fought when Ido forced her
    into that cellar. I'll relish like a sweet wine the look of horror on her
    face as I shut the door.``
    {Spot, DC 15} From the east facing window, you see a large group of goblins,
    hobgoblins, and a particularly large bugbear enter the Inn at the north end
    of the village.
